Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
Yes, the three model architectures (alexnet, resnet and vgg) correctly classified the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg as "dog" (aka last list item in "dognames.txt").

2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
Yes, the three model architectures (alexnet, resnet and vgg) correctly classified the breed of dog in Dog_02.jpg as "dog" (aka last list item in "dognames.txt").

3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: 
Yes, the three model architectures (alexnet, resnet and vgg) correctly classified Fish_01.jpg as "fish" and Glass_01.jpg as "glass".

4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images.
Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer:
- Project objective 1: Correctly identify which pet images are of dogs (even if the breed is misclassified) and which pet images aren't of dogs.
    Based on the answers in 1. - 3. above the 3 models performed equally well at meeting this project objective.
- Project objective 2: Correctly classify the breed of dog, for the images that are of dogs.
    The 3 x models all flagged "INCORRECT Dog Breed Assignment" of "dog", however this is due to my dogs breed ("Bernadoodle") not part of the training set.

Final Results
Total Images: 4.
Dog Images: 2.
Not-a-dog Images: 2.

CNN Model Architecture	% Correct Not-a-dog	% Correct Dog	% Correct Breed	% Match Labels
AlexNet			        100			        100		        0		        25
ResNet	                100	                100	            0	            50
VGG	                    100	                100	            0   	        25
